Speaker 1: Yes. So, Adlyft is one word.

Speaker 2: Okay.

Speaker 1: Uh-huh. [sighs] Yeah. And can you make it uh you Could you open that uh page when I shared you that uh my website I made?

Speaker 2: Uh, that one, na? Just a second. Actually, it was not like from my end it was not opening. So, I guess you shared some screenshots with me.

Speaker 1: I shared you some scre- But let me show you. I want to I'm going to share you that uh what I was...

[pause]

Speaker 1: So, I want uh How can I explain it?

Speaker 2: Yes. The logo, right?

Speaker 1: Yeah.

Speaker 2: Yeah, like actually I didn't have any logo, so that's why I go with—

Speaker 1: Yeah, I'm going to send you I'm going to send you this logo.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: Mhm, this one. So, you can just uh using AI or uh just remove the background and you can change the color using AI according to your the theme of the website.

Speaker 2: Okay.

Speaker 1: Okay?

Speaker 2: Yeah.

Speaker 1: Uh, and uh on the Adlyft uh writing, I want something like uh [screaming in background]

Speaker 2: Actually, I can't see the screen. It's The photo is open.

Speaker 1: Oh yeah, yeah. Uh uh yeah. Uh, oops. I'm trying to see where is that uh thing. [pause] So, on the Adlyft, uh remove the dash, change the logo, and uh if you can uh use the font uh uh What was that font uh?

Speaker 2: Uh, just give me 2 minutes, huh?

Speaker 1: Uh-huh. [coughs]

[pause]

Speaker 2: Yes, sir.

Speaker 1: Yeah. So, on the Adlyft, uh, be changing the logo. And uh can you just see if the You can find a good font for it, like simple, but A-D-D should be one color, like in the like this one. Something like this, not exactly, but you see the A-D-D is one color and L-Y-F-T is a different color.

Speaker 2: Okay, you mean multicolor. Okay.

Speaker 1: Multicolor, but A-D-D one color, L-Y- So, it's Ad and then Lyft, but don't put dash, okay?

Speaker 2: Which dash? Okay, okay. Means I should not separate the words.

Speaker 1: Yeah, no no no hyphen anywhere. Just remove the hyphen. It's one word, okay?

Speaker 2: Okay, got it.

Speaker 1: And uh uh I'm going to share you this file. So, I don't know, [screaming in background] so if you see uh on the header, uh can you put like, "AI-powered marketing and advertising launching 2027"?

Speaker 2: Okay.

Speaker 1: Do you want me to share you the website, this one? Uh, this is a—

Speaker 2: No, you can share the website. As you can see the in the URL, uh it represent that your website is store in—

Speaker 1: Yeah, it's on my local. Yeah, it's on my local storage.

Speaker 2: So, you just share me the HTML file, it will automatically get opened with my configs. Or you can share one thing, uh in your Downloads folder, there is Adlyft premium website. Now is there is a folder? Just make a zip file and, yep.

Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's what I— Uh, how should I share that with you like that? Open file, open location.

Speaker 2: Uh, you cannot share the file in Google Meet.

Speaker 1: On Google, you can't share it? Okay, I'm going to share you on the WhatsApp, then.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: Let's do like that. Uh, what's your email address?

Speaker 2: Okay.

Speaker 1: Type down uh Send me in the chat. I'm going to send you over the It's—

Speaker 2: Simple, like shashi2005.twt@— Okay.

Speaker 1: Just type down in the chat.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: So, I'm going to upload this file to the chat.

Speaker 2: Uh, I want you to just open that HTML once because I am thinking like in this file, there might there will be a additional file also. So, I guess you need to share three files. So, that's why can you please open the file for me once?

Speaker 1: I think it's only one file.

Speaker 2: Can you just open with it Notepad?

Speaker 1: Oh, on the Notepad? Okay.

Speaker 2: Yeah. Just go like on the folder, right-click—

Speaker 1: Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah yeah yeah, I'm doing that.

Speaker 2: Okay. Can you please go to the top of the file, top? Top, top.

Speaker 1: Top?

Speaker 2: Yes, top of the file. Can you please zoom it out? Control and scroll bar up. Yeah. Okay. Okay, no, there is only one file. All the code is only in one file. Okay.

Speaker 1: Uh-huh. So...

Speaker 2: Actually, uh in market like if you are going to make a website, but majorly what I see like uh if your website is standing out like a commercial, because if you see the Anthropic, OpenAI, and so many types of this commercialized website, because they are just a company and they are giving a ChatGPT, Claude as a product.

Speaker 1: Uh-huh.

Speaker 2: So, my thinking was the same that I will create a company page website. And it will be like it will not look like a AI-created. It will look like a specially designed from hand. So, the keywords that I should maintain in the website should not be AI-generated, because most of the time what happens is whenever you search any website, so AI-generated website got like a low average, low ranking.

Speaker 1: Understand. Understand.

Speaker 2: Yes.

Speaker 1: So, you got it? I sended you the file.

Speaker 2: Mhm, yep, I got I Let me check it.

Speaker 1: Uh, I just want you to take some examples from this because uh uh uh so if you see... Where did it go? Okay, right here. So, uh if you see, uh [screaming in background]

Speaker 2: Okay, got it.

Speaker 1: "The marketing platform for small retailer has been waiting for," because uh I want So, basically uh my goal is that like small business persons, they don't have a way to market themselves or they don't have that experience or knowledge. If they hire an outside company, they charge more, you know?

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: So, our goal is for them is to make them like uh make their products advertised within a very simple way where they can do it by themselves.

Speaker 2: Okay.

Speaker 1: And so, which will be cheaper. That's what our goal is, right?

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: So, they don't need to hire an advertising company to take pictures and market their products, right?

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: So, we are making for them simple. So, that's why "the marketing platform for a small retailers which they have been waiting for," or something like that, you know? "So, Adlyft GO turns your store into a marketing powerhouse and Adlyft REACH puts your brand inside real local stores to product one ecosystem." Uh, I have also created one couple videos, I'm going to show you, so you get more idea on this.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Video Voiceover: Want to showcase your business directly where local customers shop? With Adlyft REACH, launch targeted audio and video campaigns across our trusted partner store network.

Speaker 1: Did uh Did you hear it also?

Speaker 2: Yes, yes.

Speaker 1: Okay. So, you got it, right, the video?

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: And so, with Adlyft REACH, they can reach to the local businesses or local stores where they actually can get the targeted audience.

Video Voiceover: Stop wasting money on big advertising. With Adlyft GO, create in-store audio, video, and social ads in seconds and unlock extra revenue by hosting local advertisers.

Speaker 1: You got it?

Speaker 2: Okay. Which AI Which AI did you use to create such videos?

Speaker 1: This is what I did. Gemini. Gemini.

Speaker 2: Okay, okay.

Speaker 1: Yeah, they give like 50 credits. So, they they take 15 credits for 10-seconds video for free. So, you can create like three, and every 24 hours it re- refreshes, so every day you can get like three videos.

Speaker 2: Mhm. But if you are going for our developer's platform that we use for API, so it will cost uh $10 for— No, for $8 for 10 videos.

Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 2: per day.

Speaker 1: Uh-huh.

Speaker 2: So, I don't think it is like cost-friendly for us.

Speaker 1: Yeah. This is This is just I just was playing around and researching, so. So, uh so your website when you when I see, uh I think it's too much into details. Uh, I want more to be like simplified version of it. I don't know, it's so many It's too long.

Speaker 2: Yes, I I saw that it's too long, because I was confused like how it should be. So, what I decided that, okay, I will bring everything at once and I will verify with sir that what I need to include and what I need to exclude.

Speaker 1: Understand. Okay, so let's let's do like that. Let me tell you. So, uh the can you uh generate a video using Gemini or something where this it shows the store, uh like this? Uh, I also I can show you the picture how it should look like. Actually, check this. So, you see something like this. There is a like a gas station, you see the counter over here? So, it's a gas station counter, top of that there is a TV where it's giving some kind of an advertisement, you know?

Speaker 2: Okay, yes.

Speaker 1: So, something generate using uh uh Gemini or whatever video platform you are using, uh uh uh stating like uh generate a video of uh uh a TV on the top of the counter of...

Speaker 2: If you My recommendation is that that if you have any like in your mind the videos or if you have a strong prompt, then you can also share that video with me. I can just put that in the website. It will make it easier, I guess.

Speaker 1: Okay, let me generate a video today and I can send it to you.

Speaker 2: Because I also need to talk about the photos, videos, and the assets basically. Assets means what the logo should be. So, I want that full assets of images, audios, and uh videos also from you, because uh you know that videos how should how it should be in the website. So, if you are going to provide me that, so it will be beneficial and easier for me to integrate.

Speaker 1: Let me see if I can uh share you the— Jayden, don't Jayden, go there. How can I make a copy share? Copy a link.

Speaker 2: Uh, I guess it is uh marketing-friendly, na? So, putting it that in website, I guess it will not match. So, for the website, it might need a proper website with the, you know, with that type of animation and like that.

Speaker 1: Let's do like that. Let me Let me create something like that and see.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: So, on there, we can do that. And—

Speaker 2: You do You do You can do it like that that you go to the ChatGPT, you tell your idea, everything, and—

Speaker 1: Yeah, generate a prompt, yeah.

Speaker 2: ChatGPT will give you a strong prompt with the scenarios, so it will be better output there.

Speaker 1: Yeah. We can do that. Uh, so you got that file, right?

Speaker 2: Yes. Yeah, I got it that file.

Speaker 1: So, make it more simple on this one and uh check some stuff from there, like and so you can exactly get the concept and everything. And uh this is pretty good. Uh, [laughs] "Drink coffee with and pastry", okay, nice.

Speaker 2: It is a speaker, and then when you scroll more, then the TV comes up.

Speaker 1: Gotcha. So, this looks like a library to me. Can we uh You generated using AI?

Speaker 2: Uh, no, I write it using a code.

Speaker 1: Can we uh get something like a convenience store instead of something like this? So, because our—

Speaker 2: Yeah, I tried, but it was breaking so much. So, that's why I go with the, you know, skeleton view.

Speaker 1: Uh-huh.

Speaker 2: It's like a shelves, and then the shelves there is a TV and a speaker.

Speaker 1: Oh, yeah yeah. No, uh so can you instead of a shelf, uh can you do some I think that would be easy for you, like generating like a counter, so like this, like, you know?

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: If I If you see here, there is a counter.

Speaker 2: Okay, you mean like I just need a uh colored image with—

Speaker 1: Colored and uh colored and uh use like a counter, where you go to shopping, you go to the cash counter, you know?

Speaker 2: Mhm, mhm, mhm.

Speaker 1: Where you purchase the stuff. So, like person are standing and like they are ringing up your stuff.

Speaker 2: Yeah yeah, I got that.

Speaker 1: So, on the top of the counter, you can put a TV and on the side or wherever uh something like that you can think about instead of, you know?

Speaker 2: Mhm, mhm.

Speaker 1: Well, this is good. And uh on the uh...

Speaker 2: This is showing our idea how it is, like if you see the line, it is the basic song that they are playing in the shelves or in the shops, and the green part you are seeing is this is our Adlyft uh product.

Speaker 1: Understand. Understand. Okay.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: Uh-huh. And uh [child shouting in background] Okay. [to child] Jayden, doesn't matter, he's not listening.

Speaker 1: Uh, and uh I think uh see, something like this on that, you see? This is good.

Speaker 2: Mhm, mhm. Okay. I I generated it using AI.

Speaker 1: Yeah. "Explore it".

Speaker 2: This is extra that I added because where where Adlyft can be useful, so these are all the categories.

Speaker 1: Uh-huh. Yeah, that's good.

Speaker 2: This is a network where the where the stores are live and they are like they can use this product.

Speaker 1: Understand. Hey, where is my state, man? I don't see Alabama where we are present. [laughs]

Speaker 2: Alabama, I I got that at last. [laughs]

Speaker 1: It's near Atlanta. Where I think I saw Atlanta.

Speaker 2: Okay.

Speaker 1: Uh, did you generated this or it was already something like this? Because I think Chicago is not here, it is Atlanta should be near Columbus.

Speaker 2: I generated this and I added the data in JSON that this this countries are there, which are popular and like so much publicable like this publicities. So, I added.

Speaker 1: Okay. Yeah, but uh the mappings are not right, like, you know? I think uh uh it's opposite. The Chicago is on the top, Atlanta, Tampa, Miami on the bottom. Phoenix city, Phoenix is not here, Los Angeles—

Speaker 2: Actually, I will I will make it like a full like a map. It is just a—

Speaker 1: From Google Map or something, yeah, or just take a picture from a Google Map.

Speaker 2: Yep.

Speaker 1: Uh, maybe you can just put something on it, count it where it happens, not that. Okay. So, let's do like that. Uh, I'm going to study all the uh details on this, uh read everything properly tonight. Uh, this one on this one, the pricing model, we are only on the pricing, let me go to the pricing. If you open that file I show shared you—

Speaker 2: Okay.

Speaker 1: Uh, hold on. Let me see again, is that my file? Okay. Uh, oh no, this one is the old file on this one. Okay, so the Adlyft REACH is a right pricing model on the website I shared you. And uh for the Adlyft GO, uh we decided to have straight $99 per month subscribe yearly.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: Let me open this one.

Speaker 2: It is monthly, right?

Speaker 1: And uh Sorry, yeah. And yeah, but if they subscribe it for yearly, uh uh pay for yearly one time is $99 per month. If they are paying monthly separately, it's going to be $129, but it's for everything. So, we are not separating the audio, video, and the social.

Speaker 2: Can you Can you hear difference between Adlyft GO and Adlyft REACH?

Speaker 1: So, Adlyft GO, let me explain you in simple, is you're going to the store. Say example, you have a kirana store, like uh say example you have the DMart, okay? So, that's a retail store, right? You own that DMart. Now, you as a owner, you want to market your products.

Speaker 2: Okay.

Speaker 1: So, but you don't have a platform where you can market your product by yourself. You got my point?

Speaker 2: Yep, yep.

Speaker 1: So, in So, what you do, you hire an agency, they come and put the TV, or you put the TV, and they make your advertisement. You tell them, "Hey, make advertisement for this." So, they come and they play an ad on that and everything, right?

Speaker 2: Yep, yeah.

Speaker 1: Same thing on audio, but I'm just giving in like scenarios, okay, not real stuff. So, on our platform, what they can do is they don't have to go to the agency or an audio company or, you know, all that things.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: They just use our app, they create the uh AI-generated image or like if they want to have their own image, whatever they want to do, whatever want to they want to market or advertise, they can just do it by themselves and put it upload on the TV or the speakers, right, using audio.

Speaker 2: Mhm, mhm.

Speaker 1: That's the Adlyft GO. Got the concept of Adlyft GO?

Speaker 2: Yes, yes. Okay, I got this.

Speaker 1: So, now Adlyft REACH. So, what is Adlyft REACH is say example, you uh you you are you are a DMart owner and next to the DMart there is a car agency, say example, a car dealership of Toyota.

Speaker 1: Say example that Toyota want to advertise locally and they come to know about our platform where we have a good footfall, we have a lot of people coming in the store, right?

Speaker 2: Yes.

Speaker 1: So, what the Toyota does is they know that there is a platform called Adlyft REACH where there is a television in the DMart and also an audio player in the DMart. They can play their own ad on the DMart television plus the audio. So, they they they are like an advertiser, you know? So, they advertise their business in another location, like another store, not in their own store.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: If it is in their own store, it's Adlyft GO. If it is in another location or another store, it's the Adlyft REACH. Got the concept?

Speaker 2: Yes, yes.

Speaker 1: So, that's simple. When you created this much, you you were still confused about this?

Speaker 2: Uh, no, I I was like already aware because Saef already explained me about the GO and the REACH, but I was just a bit, in you know, in that zone where like the same thing was happening in my mind that I'm creating a ads for both, GO also and REACH also, but for which customers that I was has that doubt. But you now cleared the customer doubts, like who will the customer for a GO and who will be the customer for REACH.

Speaker 1: Yeah, customers are same. It's just uh another like like on TV, you know, on the TV we get advertising.

Speaker 2: It's like ownership, it's like ownership.

Speaker 1: It's like Yeah, on the TV, you you see different types of advertisement, right?

Speaker 2: Yeah.

Speaker 1: Like you see the Uber advertisement or your whatever, Patanjali advertisement. So, they are So, on the TV on the TV, uh we everybody is watching TV, so the company who wants to advert they are not they are using a third-party platform to advertise on the TV, right? Like that. Now, also on the Adlyft, not Adlyft, the Jio, I think Jio also started using uh advertisement. You can have your own advertisement and put it on the Jio TV. That's what they started doing.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: So, uh the pricing so make it make it simple as possible and uh make make sure the fonts are more clearer. And on the Adlyft, uh [to child] Go there, go there. On the Adlyft GO, as I told you, you see, if they are paying per year, if they're paying monthly, it's going to be 129.99, if they are paying annually, it's 99.99, but it's all-in-one.

Speaker 2: Oh, okay.

Speaker 1: So, we are not we are not going to simplify for audio, video, and social separately because we want everybody to have all all of these things.

Speaker 2: Mhm, mhm. Got it.

Speaker 1: together. So, we don't want single-single subscription, you know?

Speaker 2: And you want the menus like the same, like now for if you just switch the tab for my website, you will see the menus uh you can you can see the menus like Product, Network, Pricing, Company, and Talk to Us on the top, on the top.

Speaker 1: Yeah.

Speaker 2: So, do you want it like the same or you want like uh if you switch the tab for your website, do you want like it should be like that?

Speaker 1: No, no, this is good: Products, Network, Pricing, Company, yeah.

Speaker 2: Okay. So, menus will be the same as existing, just the inner data should be changed.

Speaker 1: Yeah, just check the uh website I send you more on that. Uh, and also you can put FAQs, or maybe FAQs just on the bottom.

Speaker 2: FAQs are already there. If you scroll down to the last, there are FAQs.

Speaker 1: Uh...

Speaker 2: Uh, last bottom, I guess.

Speaker 1: "Book stores near your customers," you see, this is right. "Put your ad back to the world."

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 2: Aren't questions here? I guess questions are In between there is something I added the important questions factor. So, if you scroll slowly, you will find it. Uh...

Speaker 1: Oh, wait. We are in the pricing section, not the Adlyft.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: I did share you the Okay, I'm going to share you the logo over the WhatsApp.

Speaker 2: Mhm, mhm.

Speaker 1: So, uh on the if you can uh think about the pictures or images, the only images I would require or videos what if you're trying to make it, I will also make it, but uh if you are trying to do it, I want more focused on convenience store pictures on the Adlyft GO side. On Adlyft REACH side, you can focus on a car dealership pictures or foot videos or uh or what else we can do? You know, house cleaning...

Speaker 2: The same data I'm showing at the last of the page. You can see there were like categories I showed.

Speaker 2: Uh, last or more scroll. Down. Down. Ha, like this. Gas, fuel, salon and barber shop, pharmacy.

Speaker 1: Yeah, no, but the the pictures on videos on the top, I'm talking about this all stuff.

Speaker 2: And for Adlyft REACH, I'm talking like that for the categories you are mentioning, right?

Speaker 1: Understand. Oh, the categories. Okay, okay, that's good, yeah.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: Yeah. Yeah, that's good. Uh, where is the FAQs? This is...

Speaker 2: Okay. Acha, you want FAQs or the categories one?

Speaker 1: Yeah. The FAQs, FAQs.

Speaker 2: FAQs are down. Ha, this are the FAQs.

Speaker 1: Okay, right here. Okay. Yeah, so just change the pricing model. Change the logo, change the fonts, some of the fonts. Change uh the Adlyft uh needs to be single uh single letters like, you know, no dash. Uh, the color on the Adlyft uh is multicolor.

Speaker 2: Actually, uh I choose the teal green because the app is already been designed with this current UI.

Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, that's right. No, no, the color is good. What you can do, A-D-D should be the pale green and L-Y-F-T should be the black.

Speaker 2: Do you want like the font font style of the Adlyft should be something like if you go to the top page, you can see the REACH FURTHER. It should be like kind of like like that? Like on the hero page only, home page only, you can see the GROW LOCAL, REACH FURTHER. Yes.

Speaker 1: No, no, no, no.

Speaker 2: This kind of font?

Speaker 1: No, no, no. I want a more mono monotop uh cursive or something like that. Simple, like this.

Speaker 2: Okay.

Speaker 1: And uh and I think uh... Yeah, that's right. And uh if you want, we can do like that. A A you can use caps and the D-D-L-Y-F-T you can use lowercase.

Speaker 2: Okay, like "A" and "L" should be the caps, and the rest should be—

Speaker 1: No, no, no, no. "L" "L" is not cap, it's single word. So, just "A" cap, uh the other ones are lowercase. Only the "A" is caps.

Speaker 2: Okay. Okay.

Speaker 1: Okay?

Speaker 2: Okay.

Speaker 1: Uh, and I'm going to read everything in detail and we'll see. I Can you please open a new tab and search Anthropic?

Speaker 2: Anthropic. Uh, can you open this website Anthropic?

Speaker 1: No, this is something else. This one, Anthropic, right?

Speaker 2: Yes.

Speaker 2: So, here you can see the font and the logo they have.

Speaker 1: Yeah, you can use this font if you want to. Or goes this only.

Speaker 2: Like their logo is like A and I, so in the in their name only you can see the A and I. If you just scroll down, you can see the A and logo, see, the A I logo.

Speaker 1: Ah. Oh, okay. So, on our we can just show our logo like if you want, same thing if we are scrolling down, you can just show that.

Speaker 2: So, my idea was like we have a logo of only A. So, what if I continue writing A of logo and then double D L Y F T? Like I don't I will not write A, because the A is already a logo.

Speaker 1: Yeah. Okay, understand, understand. Yeah. Let's try that and see how it looks. Sure, sure.

Speaker 2: Mhm, sure.

Speaker 1: Okay. Uh, so let me study more on the uh details on this and by the time you can make these changes, okay?

Speaker 2: Okay. And the Talk to Us customer page, how it should be? The Talk to Us, the top one. Talk to Us, the black button.

Speaker 1: Which one? "Start with I'm a store, partnership, I want to advertise, press", okay, yeah. That's perfect. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah, this is good. And uh you see this "Start with a new conversation"?

Speaker 2: Mhm, mhm.

Speaker 1: Like the fonts you're using, like all the big fonts you are using everywhere?

Speaker 2: Yes.

Speaker 1: I think it's too big, or I don't know if it is uh too much uh...

Speaker 2: Actually, it's like uh typograph typograph UI, where the heading headers are so big so that the website look visually good and it should look like a proper like giving a—

Speaker 1: For it's it's I For me, I don't know, it's looking like a blogs, uh you know, where people write blogs. So, that it's giving me I don't have much experience about this, but it's just giving me that kind of a, you know, feelings where I'm reading like a blog.

Speaker 2: Mhm. Mhm.

Speaker 1: I don't know if it is good or bad. I'm just like—

Speaker 2: No, no, that's the correct point you can It's really it's look like a blog.

Speaker 1: Yeah, when people make blogs, they have this kind of a fonts and everything.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: So, it's I I think it should it's not more industrial or more commercial, I don't know. If you can like study on this and if it is commercialized used, I'm okay. I'm I'm just I don't have that experience. I'm just saying that, okay?

Speaker 2: Yep, yeah.

Speaker 1: But it's just giving me the feeling of uh the blogs.

Speaker 2: Because if I just uh if I let the text uh font size down to something like uh smaller, so it will look like a just like a in left side there is a text and right side there is a image, so it will look like that only.

Speaker 1: Check Check that uh how the Stripe was doing it. It's not the it's not that big, uh you know? Yeah, it's not that big fonts. So, maybe simple. It's not looking I see most of the website, they doesn't have this kind of a fonts or like bigger ones too. But you can still check it out on your end, okay?

Speaker 2: Sure.

Speaker 1: And uh on this one uh uh "I'm a store" and instead of "I'm a brand", you uh put as "I'm an advertiser".

Speaker 2: And hold a second.

Speaker 1: Uh, no, no. "I'm a brand" is in "I'm an advertiser".

Speaker 2: Okay, so I'm I'm—

Speaker 1: "I'm a" "I'm a store" is good, or "I'm a store" instead of "I'm a" Yeah, "I'm a store", yeah. "I'm a store".

Speaker 2: "I'm a store" and "I'm a brand". Instead of "I'm a brand", there should be "I'm a advertiser".

Speaker 1: Yeah.

Speaker 2: Okay.

Speaker 1: So, which I have in writing. That's what I have written down: Adlyft GO for store owners and for advertisers, because even a non-brands people also wants to post, because we are focusing more on locals, you know? And uh you might get all this uh extensions over here, like convenience stores, liquors, smoke shops, advertisers are auto dealer, healthcare provider, real estate. Yeah, also you can think about pictures on real estate agents. They are also very like big in US.

Speaker 2: Okay.

Speaker 1: They also want to advertise, they are also like, you know, plumbers, uh electricians, uh...

Speaker 2: Uh, for how many timeline of you are aiming for ad?

Speaker 1: Sorry?

Speaker 2: What's your timeline for a particular single ad? Like 10 seconds or 20 seconds?

Speaker 1: Timeline is 10 seconds.

Speaker 2: 10 seconds, right? And the ad should not be that like the video should not be that engageful, just the voice and the audio should be like that, right? Like if like what I'm talking about is that in TV there can be single image that has a some text on it, but in background the voice should be the powerful. Because in store mostly uh—

Speaker 1: No, on the No, no, no, on the TV wait, uh see, I think you're confused. So, audio is different, video is different. The one which is played on TV doesn't have any audio.

Speaker 2: So, you are only you are only showing the video, you're not like giving the audio for to them?

Speaker 1: No, the audio advertisements are completely different. They are individual, they are not together. So, say example, uh so I'm an auto dealer, but I have signed up for audio and video both of them, right?

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: [to child] Jayden, no! No! Going to create a video uh of a 10-second video where I'll be saying, say example, it's going to show like uh a house on the background, my picture, call me for buying the house starting at $200,000, something like that on the video, okay? Or just a picture.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: On the audio, uh it's going to be like, "Hey, I'm your local real estate agent. If you're looking for a house, please call me on my number," something like that, "we have a nice offer going on," something like that for 10 seconds.

Speaker 2: Uh, do you know about Spotify?

Speaker 1: Yeah.

Speaker 2: Uh, in Spotify, if you're listening a music and then after some time there is an ad that is coming inside the music, right?

Speaker 1: Aha, aha.

Speaker 2: So, in that ad, if you show your if you see your screen, there is a one animated video, but there the voice the ad is like uh the dialogues and in the background there is a light music tone.

Speaker 1: No, but on the uh on the store side or business side, the things which are going on TV would be different than what is going on the audio, because that's why we are doing two different modes of channels: audio and video. Uh, on the Because we don't want them to synchronize together, because on the audio we are playing music in between the ads. In the video, it's straight advertisements. You got my point?

Speaker 2: Okay, so I was thinking like—

Speaker 1: No, they are they are they are not correlated, they are completely different uh uh separated from each other. So, if I'm having a video playing and it's not like audio will be playing at the same time, audio could be plus or minus on different times.

Speaker 2: So, it's it is like suppose now for a voice, like suppose for a audio, there is a music sound bar, not a TV, only a sound bar.

Speaker 1: Yes.

Speaker 2: So, in a sound bar whenever we are hearing the sound, listening the songs, so in between songs there will be an ads of 10 seconds.

Speaker 1: Yeah.

Speaker 2: saying like, "Get 50% off in Red Bull if you purchase three," like And if there is a TV also, so now the audio is playing is is role, but the TV is playing his role.

Speaker 1: Yeah, exactly. It's separately, because that's why we are using two different models.

Speaker 2: So, in TV uh you are showing 24x7 continuously ads?

Speaker 1: Yes.

Speaker 2: Okay. So, it's like suppose uh one TV ad is about 10 seconds.

Speaker 1: Yes.

Speaker 2: So, if you are telling like for a for a per one day, how many ads should come in the TV?

Speaker 1: So, that's why our pricing model is different. You see, we have more of video than the audio, because in audio we are playing musics in between the ads. So, if somebody wants So, if somebody wants to choose a plan, it says, you see, 10 videos per day and one audio per day. Got my point?

Speaker 2: Yeah, yes. Mhm, mhm. Okay.

Speaker 1: So, if there are 10 videos of his advertisement on one day, then it will be one audio per day into the five stores, which is $99 plan. You got my point?

Speaker 2: Mhm, mhm, mhm.

Speaker 1: So, that's why we are already we already did the maths and worked out that if they are choosing this plan, how much how many times the video will be played and how many times audio is, because they are two separate, that's why we are creating two different apps: .apk files, I don't know uh if you guys have been discussed or not. That's why one is for the audio separate and one is for video separate. So, if we are publishing audio, it's going to the audio APK, if it is a video general, it's going to the video APK file, you know, like I don't know how it's work, but something like that.

Speaker 2: I guess it is like in a single app there are two services for audio and video. So, the app is single, just the features are divided.

Speaker 1: Exactly. Exactly, so it's both. Exactly.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: Got my point? So, it's two different things, audio and video is not same, okay?

Speaker 2: Because if you are planning to show the videos 10 videos per day, means we have to create 10 videos, and if you are going with the costing, so to create 10 videos per day it cost—

Speaker 1: No no no no no, no no no, it's it's not creating 10 videos. They just generate one. So, what we are going to do, we're going to give them a limit of creation of AI per month. We're going to block it. Say example, they can only use they will like how we get tokens, we're going to give them the tokens, understand?

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: So, we're going to give them the tokens, say example—

Speaker 2: So, there is a Suppose they generate 20 videos, and now it's on them that how to use that 20 videos, like suppose—

Speaker 1: Yeah, so that Yeah, they can play two two videos uh every day, or like five videos every day for 10 Say example, they choose the plan of 10 videos, they can only run one video throughout the day, like throughout the month, they don't have to generate every time. You got my point?

Speaker 2: So, for all the 1 month, they can only generate 10 videos, and now how the 10 videos should be, so they will shuffle accordingly as per their requirements on the TV.

Speaker 1: Yeah, so it's 10 videos per day. It will be played 10 times in a day. It's not like generating 10 videos, you got my point?

Speaker 2: Okay.

Speaker 1: It's going to be on a video TV, right? It's going to that advertisement on television will be showed 10 times in a day.

Speaker 2: Mhm, mhm. So, that 10 videos which are showing per day will be same for next day also?

Speaker 1: Yes, could be. It could be only one video for the whole month, but it's going to play 10 times a day in one store.

Speaker 2: Okay, I got it.

Speaker 1: or in five stores. You got my point? That's the thing. It's not like you are generating five different videos and playing, you know? If they are generating two videos, it's going to automatically divide the two videos, so it's going to be five video one id- one video and five other video, so 10 videos together and it's going to continuously play play.

Speaker 2: Okay.

Speaker 1: Because my point is uh uh on the REACH side, nobody's going to generate that many videos, you know? They're going to only generate one video in a month or like, you know, if they try to change a plan or some advertising, they just change and put the new video. They're not going to put like 10 different videos in, you know.

Speaker 2: Like we saw in our TV, if you are watching a movie, inside that movie we got to we get to see a same ad for like 15 times.

Speaker 1: Exactly. Yeah, if if the Sprite advertisement comes, it's uh uh again it's not going to be different type of Sprite, it's going to be the same Sprite advertisement, you got my point?

Speaker 2: Okay, so the confirmation is that uh when we are creating uh when suppose a a local shop is opening this account, so he will create 10 ads, and he will create the 10 ads for on for 1 month. For 1 month there will be 10 ads, and all the day same ads will run on the TV.

Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2: Okay, because what we are thinking and what we are discussing—

Speaker 1: This is on Adlyft REACH. So, on Adlyft GO, for example, on Adlyft GO, let me open—

Speaker 2: It is different! The previous pricing was different.

Speaker 1: Yeah, on Adlyft GO yeah, on Adlyft GO because it's a store, they can generate as many, let me show you this.

Speaker 2: Uh, are they happy to wait to generate a video for like 10 minutes or 7 minutes?

Speaker 1: What does it mean?

Speaker 2: Uh, basically, we found a model which can generate a video, uh but for to generate a one 10-second video, it will take nearly 7 minutes.

Speaker 1: How, is it taking 7 minutes?

Speaker 2: Yes, but if you're going with the APIs, like Google API, that Veo model, so it will take only 2-3 minutes, but it will cost more.

Speaker 1: No no, we can wait. Uh, we're going to see how it works out first. So, we're going to start even if it's we're going to start cheaper and then, you know, if things are getting complicated, we can see what we can do.

Speaker 2: We What we can do is whenever a user is requesting a ad, we will give him a notification that uh the ad is being generated, uh you will get a notification once it generated.

Speaker 1: Yeah. Yeah, because he's not going to immediately showing that ad to the TV. He of course, he will wait for some time.

Speaker 1: Yeah. Yeah, he's going to he's going to check the video is right and all that, then he's going to post it on the TV.

Speaker 2: And also the retry option of like uh do we have to like suppose uh he just asked that I want to create a video ad for 10 for this this uh thing, okay? And if the video is like uh not as per his expectations, so is he going to retry that like I want to try again?

Speaker 1: Yeah, he can he can, so that's why we're going to give the tokens, like how we get on like say example, I was using that Gemini. Uh, right now on a free trial plan, they are giving me 50 credits, so one 10-second video is going to cost me 15 credits, okay? So, if I generate three, it's uh after three generation, it's going to it's not going to able to give me more generation because my credits are finished. So, that's how it's going to work, same thing.

Speaker 2: You know in India in India, there is a Jio SIM card.

Speaker 1: Uh-huh.

Speaker 2: They are providing the Google AI Pro for free if you have a Jio SIM card.

Speaker 1: Is it? Wow.

Speaker 2: I have four accounts of Pro. [laughs]

Speaker 1: Wow, man. So, you need to give me your username and password, I can start creating.

Speaker 2: Okay, I have I have one dummy account which I can't use. Like this is one the cartoon of Oggy and the Cockroaches. [laughs]

Speaker 1: Is it? Nice.

Speaker 2: Okay, I have

Speaker 1: Okay, I need to—

Speaker 2: Even so, I guess in US you might have that benefits of using that Google AI Pro if you have that SIM card in your

Speaker 1: So, yeah, on our admin account when, because we also going to create, you know, we also going to use our own uh, because we're going to create templates for them, or uh pre-ads for them.

Speaker 2: Oh.

Speaker 1: So, they can use our ads also, you know? Because uh we are going to connect with many organizations. Say example uh the one which my convenience store has organization, they have 500 stores.

Speaker 2: Uh.

Speaker 1: So, all the 500 stores will have the same kind of promotions in the store. So, what we my plan is, on the back end, we can also generate our own promotional ads, and then they don't have to create their own ad, they just use that ads and publish it straight.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: So, they don't have to use the AI credits on that. If they want to do something different than what the promotions are, then they can generate their own.

Speaker 2: Okay, you mean like a pre-existing templates?

Speaker 1: Like library, yeah.

Speaker 2: Okay. So, free templates.

Speaker 1: We're going to create a library, free library for—

Speaker 2: So, for pre-existing templates, we can just edit the video without without be able to create the video, so that will save our tokens also and it will save our GPU usage also.

Speaker 1: Yeah, so on the back end, we're going to create the library and templates, so they can use it.

Speaker 2: Okay. Actually, this talks solves so many things in my mind because there was such like uh diffusion in idea. Now I get to know about what the really the idea is.

Speaker 1: Yeah. Mhm. So, it it's as simple, you know, it's two different platforms: GO and REACH. GO is for store persons or by by person itself. They can promote their own advertisement. But for the REACH, it's like for advertiser, if a third-party or like an outside business wants to advertise in our store, they can just upload their ads.

Speaker 2: Okay.

Speaker 1: into our platform.

Speaker 2: Okay.

Speaker 1: So, that's going to work out like that. I have already created all the maths and uh the how it should work and all that thing, I have already shared with Ghanshyam the queue, how many queues they can like uh...

Speaker 1: Yeah, it's on this one, logic. All the logic behind this and everything is being generated.

Speaker 2: Oh, yep, this I have. Yes.

Speaker 1: Oh, you uh they shared with you? This is the logic behind how the advertisement are going to play. [phone rings] Hello. [speaks Gujarati] Kya che tu bhai? Acha, 5 minute denta? Ha, phone karta.

Speaker 1: So, like you see uh if there is a store person and Adlyft, so what happened is if uh So, this is You got this, right?

Speaker 2: Yes, yes.

Speaker 1: on that so? Did they explain you?

Speaker 2: Uh, at that time we were not able like we were not available for the meeting, but I have I know this one.

Speaker 1: So, this is like how how it's going to work out uh the model, how the advertisement can be played, or what are the logic behind this.

Speaker 2: Mhm.

Speaker 1: So, uh say example, on audio we're going to have 720 in total uh audio ads in a day. Even if we play 2-minute song, all the logics are considered here, you know? How many like if somebody's coming, how can be the queue lines and everything, like, you know? These are exam- These are examples right here on the audio style and video style, everything like, you know, the sequences, how how the sequence will be and all.

Speaker 2: Oh, yes.

Speaker 1: So, you can check on this.

Speaker 2: Can you share it with me? I guess uh Saef sir shared, but like a meeting recording. So, I don't have this data with me.

Speaker 1: Okay, I'm I can share you. But uh right now, uh let's uh work on this uh website thing.

Speaker 2: Yeah, sure.

Speaker 1: Yeah, let's change a little bit of blogging uh fonts, uh the logo I'm going to send you, little bit of uh things you can change, and uh I'm going to read everything and then going to reach you back in like a couple days.

Speaker 2: Sure. So, what I need from your side is that uh some AI-generated or any reference videos or any videos that I I'm going to apply in this website,

Speaker 1: Sure, sure, sure.

Speaker 2: images, logos, and uh some data if you have additional data.

Speaker 1: Yeah.

Speaker 2: Okay? So, I just need this four things. I will apply the fo- images and photos to this.

Speaker 1: Sure.

Speaker 2: Okay? Yep.

Speaker 1: All right. Okay. All right, I'm going to send you on the message the logo of this Adlyft, but you can change the color and whatever you want to change, okay?

Speaker 2: Mhm, mhm. Okay.

Speaker 1: All right. Okay, all right. See you. Bye-bye.

Speaker 2: Yep, bye.

[call ends]

[background conversation in Marathi continues until the end of the recording]